
  Mistpark
  Distributed Social Network


Mistpark is a social network without boundaries. Mistpark installations can 
link together into a global social network which is free from central 
control. We are developing connectors to seamlessly communicate with many 
other open social networks and providers - GNU-social, Diaspora, Status.net, 
and even some of the larger closed services such as Facebook and Twitter.

Over the coming months, the boundaries between these networks will start to 
become indistinguishable as they all become part of your social circle.

Your personal thoughts and conversations belong to you - and are shared with 
those you wish to share them with. 

Period.  

Mistpark is secure, and as private as you wish it to be. Our privacy settings 
are straight-forward and simple, because we know that relationships rarely are 
(straight-forward and simple). Whether you're communicating with drinking 
buddies or potential employers, you can rest assured that each is only able to 
see the side of you that you wish to present. 

A single instance of Mistpark Server can easily support hundreds of (and up to
several thousand) people using commodity hosting hardware. Each of these 
people are able to connect with potentially hundreds or thousands of friends 
and associates on any other supported network anywhere in the world and share 
photos, links, status updates, etc. 

But maybe you don't want to be connected to the world... That's OK too. 
Mistpark may also be closed off from the global community and used to support
social networking amongst corporate, educational, religious, and other private
communities. This makes it an excellent choice for the social networking needs
of young teenagers and especially k-12 organisations. 

Every person on Mistpark has unlimited profiles available to them. There is a 
"public profile" which can be seen by anybody. Additional profiles may be 
tailored to specific groups or individuals.

Groups may be created and used for closed conversations. In this way your 
conversations with one group of friends is completely isolated from other 
friends or groups of friends. 

IMPORTANT: Please see the file INSTALL for system requirements.

Visit http://mistpark.com for more information. 

You may also contact the author and raise issues via the source code 
repository on github -- http://github.com/macgirvin/mistpark

It's your network now. If social networking isn't what you thought it would 
be, help us to make it better.  

Please support mistpark with a donation.  

